hi this is pressed a liquor I'm going to
teach you how you can multiply numbers
by drawing lines let's say you want to
multiply 12 by 13 for the one will draw
one line and then for the two we'll
leave some space and draw two lines for
the other number we'll draw lines in the
opposite direction now we will group
intersections that are vertically
aligned and count the number of
intersections in each group there are
six intersections on the right five in
the center and one on the left we can
combine these numbers to get to our
answer of 156 we can use this technique
even for larger numbers for a hundred
and twenty three times 321 we use
exactly the same process of drawing
lines for each digit of the number for
the other number we will draw lines in
the opposite direction
making sure to leave space between the
lines for each digit now we will group
intersections that are vertically
aligned and then count the number of
intersections in each group the center
group has a lot of intersections we want
to count them carefully there 14 before
we get to the answer
we have to make one adjustment we need
to carry the one of the 14 over to the
eight and eight plus one makes nine now
we have our answer of 39 thousand four
hundred and eighty three you can also
multiply numbers by drawing lines for
numbers that include a digit zero will
simply draw the line four zero in a
different color if you don't have a
different color you can use a dashed
line just to know that the zero line is
different after we group a vertically
aligned intersections we count the
number of intersections in each group
but we make one adjustment we don't
count any of the intersections with the
zero line because zero times anything is
zero and that gets us to our answer of
20 2763 we can also do polynomial
expressions X plus 2 times X
three we will draw the lines for X in a
different color
now we group the vertically aligned
intersections on the far right there are
six between unit lines in the middle
there are five between a red and a black
line which makes it 5x an intersection
of two red lines is an x-squared which
gets us our answer of x squared plus 5x
plus 6 please subscribe to my channel
and make videos on math and game theory
you can support me on patreon catch me
on my blog mind your decisions on
Twitter at pressure Locker and you can
get please get my book on multiplying
numbers by drawing lines